add ecdsa builtin page (#1081)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/ch204-02-03-ecdsa.md

# ECDSA Builtin

The _ECDSA_ builtin is dedicated to sign a message hash and check the signature with a public key using ECDSA (Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm).

## Memory organization

The ECDSA builtin has its own segment during a Cairo VM run.
It has two components : the segment values (storing the public keys and the hashes) and a dictionary mapping the public keys' offsets to the corresponding signatures.

The segment values store the public keys and the hashes which are both Felts.
When segment values are set, the runner checks that the public key and the hash are valid if there is a corresponding signature in the dictionary.

> If there is no corresponding signature, the runner will sign the hash with the corresponding public key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The segment values store the public keys and the hashes which are both Felts.
When segment values are set, the runner checks that the public key and the hash are valid if there is a corresponding signature in the dictionary.
If there is no corresponding signature in the dictionary, the runner will throw an error - signatures must be explicitly added inside the signature cache before interacting with the builtin.

```
